the staff is fine
today is here to record a half video
different for you is a video
showing her mother's shopping
if you are interested in this type of
video Come with me, you do not care.
by company video does not need
watch okay then we want
show you things quickly
I heard in the Rene Barrier bought this
red jeans
ls garrett were 79 reais and I bought this
It's just this collective basic jeans was more
expensive that the pants were 80 reais
I went in the handbook and I was crazy for a
though and then I bought this one without
his back is like that and he
was 100 reais in the cea
I bought another bori that is the one of
long sleeves print very different
so he was 80 eighty reais and
I bought these basic short jatinhos that
was forty forty reais and forty five
real
na riachuelo I bought these leg pants
That's how it was 35 reais and I bought
This medal is a medal to tell.
she is no longer in Africa.
A very good knit is a very light knit and she
It was 99 by 29 so I got it
I bought it at that time, I do not know if you
know this time where you live calls
market is beautiful
I bought those pants that she is being
very different and cigarrete in the wave of
acronym redd was sixty-nine reais and
I bought this whole dress full of lime.
you ram mills
and he was also 69 reais air
I bought another collective from me only
was darker is that things go
They are priceless I do not remember.
I will not say bought this queen queen
straight from Africa's cidinho that still
light that is simple to use with
Crazy jeans
leg I like cooking so larguinha
this shirt
Look how beautiful, friendly people are in the shirt.
It was so good to have been from her.
liquidation and the cigarette pants that I
I was crazy about a knit that did not
They were not for jeans jeans that were
imaginary
So this one and she 's a cigarette.
so with that and there, okay me too
I bought my black company base
but I will not show why it is
all those brands that we already
I know I went to the point and I bought it.
pay the whole wave of espadrilles too
people understanding pay had the law 39
real
I paid 89 reais is an anabela one
little I had is so flory dinha
she can see it from here you can roll
but I do not like it and went to that
who wants the same owner of the
ruler and I bought the one that was for me
The woman put the black one on my
I 'm the bag I got home
That was 70 reais but I'm going to try
exchange by blue and I bought in emc
also people
This bag is kind of crazy because the bag is
very compact but it ends quite
thing she has 60 of 11 in japan who
logical things it's up to you
can use consider all closed
I know open and she is so she has the
our great also that can change from
this side pockets that are always
It was little more affection
but it's good to get out of your pocket, half crazy people
This is it, this people got really fast.
this video I really just wanted to show
for you some things some ideas
and clothes of what I'm intending
For my style I'm very basic I
I've never been to take care of these things are
always puts on a pair of jeans that
It's more or less a good t-shirt.
old ladies clothes so well off the lines
so I decided give it pepe and buy it
a few different things some things
that I do not usually use this kind of
I do not usually wear boris pants
so I do not have that
custom to use but do not think it will
It's cool, I do not think it costs
people try to give a renewed style
It's like you know how I'm chasing after you.
body that I want for myself and I think
This gives us the courage to look for us.
new horizons new styles I think
that combines with me that what I
I chose
so these were my shopping
I hope that you have
liked the tips if you liked
You did not like it, please.
It's only you guys who want to follow when
so using anything I can
For you there in instagram is a clothes of
to mother and please write here at
channel for you to receive the
updates and what's new
a big kiss
stay with God and see the next videos
chats